# kingsley
Dear Beneficiary,     It's my pleasure to write to everyone that is reading this mail,how are you hope you are good,i really want to pass this information to all individuals, that the federal government held a closed door meeting few days with the  central bank governor in collaboration with the national house of assembly.  According to their discussion it was said that the federal government has signed a bill compensation transfer with the central bank to release a total sum of $3,000,000 to compensate those that has fallen into victims of scam.  This interactive comments of compensating victims was reported when some group of fraudster was arrested by the economic and financial crimes commission and they were brought to book to face the wrath of the law court.  It was a joyous moment, that has strongly proven that the E.F.F.C  are perfectly doing their job in making sure that scammers are been swept out in the society at large.  So if eventually you have been scammed currently or in the past you are fully entitled to get back your stolen funds from us,and quickly note that before the fund compensation will be giving you.  We would like you  to tell us how much you have been scammed so that we can notify the central bank for you to be registered among those that will be compensated.  At this point in time ,if you have fully examined yourself and know quite sure that you have been scammed by unknown group of people that stoled  you money ignorantly , we urge you to send your personal information for recognition as follows.  Name........ Country....... Phone number..... Age... Sex.... Passport ID......... (If available)  I wait to hear from you soon.
